{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock Game Play\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Input your name.\
{\listtext	2.	}The game will select one of five computers to play against you (R2-D2, C-3PO, Chappie, HAL or Wall-E).\
{\listtext	3.	}Input the number of games you want to play up to, between 1 and 20. First player up to that number wins.\
{\listtext	4.	}Input rock, paper, scissors, lizard or Spock. Alternatively, input R, P, S, L or K (for Spock). Case doesn\'92t matter.\
{\listtext	5.	}The computer will select a move based on its selection algorithm. R2-D2 will select any move that currently has the fewest losses. C-3PO will select any animate move (i.e. lizard or Spock). Chappie will select any inanimate move (i.e. rock, paper or scissors). HAL selects any move at random, and finally, Wall-E will select any move that currently has the greatest difference between wins and losses. (Meaning, any computer except HAL has a strategy that will give you better-than-even chances of winning; C-3PO will always lose if you always pick lizard.)\
{\listtext	6.	}The game displays the moves, who wins, and why.\
{\listtext	7.	}The game displays the move history, and the current score.\
{\listtext	8.	}Repeat from step 4 until one player wins.\
{\listtext	9.	}When a player wins, the computer will display the winner and ask whether you want to play again. Enter Y or yes to continue, or any other key (or simply hit enter) to quit.\
{\listtext	10.	}If you decide to play again, steps will be repeated from step 2. (You won\'92t be asked to repeat your name). The game will select a new computer to play (it won\'92t select the same one twice in a row).\
{\listtext	11.	}If you decide to quit, the game will display a good-bye message and exit.
\fs28 \
}